docs: upgrade instructions to 1.21.0, 1.20.3 and 1.19.5 (#3002)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/installation_upgrade.md

```yaml
spec:
   ...
   startDelay: 30
   stopDelay: 30
   switchoverDelay: 40000000
   enableSuperuserAccess: true
   replicationSlots:
     highAvailability:
       enabled: false
```

#### Delay for PostgreSQL shutdown

Up to now, [the `stopDelay` parameter](instance_manager.md#shutdown-control)
was set to 30 seconds. Despite the recommendations to change and tune this
value, almost all the cases we have examined during support incidents or
community issues show that this value is left unchanged.

The [new value is set to 1800 seconds](https://github.com/cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg/commit/9f7f18c5b9d9103423a53d180c0e2f2189e71c3c),
the equivalent of 30 minutes.

A new parameter has been introduced to define the maximum time window within
the `stopDelay` one, reserved to gracefully stop PostgreSQL using the `smart`
shutdown procedure. Once completed, the remaining time up to `stopDelay` will
be reserved for PostgreSQL to complete its duties regarding WAL commitments
with both the archive and the streaming replicas to ensure the cluster
doesn't lose any data.

If you want to retain the old behavior, you need to set explicitly:

```yaml
spec:
   ...
   stopDelay: 30

> ```

Reviewer: AFAIU, we cannot achieve the previous behavior with the current code. Setting stopDelay to 30 will leave the smartStopDelay set to 30 too, which means we are not giving any time to Postgres to run the shutdown fast before killing the pod (besides the 2-second grace period gifted by the kubelet). I do not know if that's intentional, but I think we should at least write it in the documentation.

Author: What we can do then is change the minimum slot to 15 seconds instead of 30 in the formula that calculates the minimum time.

removed before installing the new one. This won't affect user data but
only the operator itself.

> ### Upgrading to 1.21 from a previous minor version

Reviewer 2: See other comments. This top section should cover the new 1.19 and 1.20 patches,
or should be a subsection under a wider header

configuration* behavior of the operator, CloudNativePG 1.21 changes the default
value of several knobs in the following areas:

- startup and shutdown control of the PostgreSQL instance
- self-healing
- security
- labels

Most of the changes will affect new PostgreSQL clusters only.

!!! Warning
    Please read carefully the list of changes below, and how to change the
    `Cluster` manifests to retain the existing behavior if you don't want to
    disrupt your existing workloads. Alternatively, postpone the upgrade to 1.21
    until you are sure. In general, we recommend adopting these default
    values unless you have valid reasons not to.

If you want to keep the existing behavior of CloudNativePG explicitly,
(we advise not indefinitely,) you need to set these values in all your `Cluster`
definitions **before upgrading** to version 1.21:

```yaml
spec:
   ...
   startDelay: 30
   stopDelay: 30
   switchoverDelay: 40000000
   enableSuperuserAccess: true
   replicationSlots:
     highAvailability:
       enabled: false
```

Once the upgrade is completed, also add:

```yaml
spec:
   ...
   smartShutdownTimeout: 30
```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `smartShutdownTimeout` field has been introduced in the version
1.21, hence the need to add it after upgrading the operator.
```

Reviewer: It will also be available in versions 1.20.3 and 1.19.5, so we should conform this to the others places where we mention this.

The [new default value is 1800 seconds](https://github.com/cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg/commit/9f7f18c5b9d9103423a53d180c0e2f2189e71c3c),
the equivalent of 30 minutes.

The new `smartShutdownTimeout` parameter has been introduced to define
the maximum time window within the `stopDelay` value, reserved to gracefully
stop PostgreSQL using the `smart` shutdown procedure.  Once elapsed, the
remaining time up to `stopDelay` will be reserved for PostgreSQL to complete
its duties regarding WAL commitments with both the archive and the streaming
replicas to ensure the cluster doesn't lose any data.

If you want to retain the old behavior, you need to set explicitly:

```yaml
spec:
   ...
   stopDelay: 30
```

And, **after** the upgrade has completed, specify `smartShutdownTimeout`:

```yaml
spec:
   ...
   stopDelay: 30
   smartShutdownTimeout: 15
```

!!! Important
    This change has been backported to all supported minor releases. As a
    result, it will also be available in versions 1.20.3 and 1.19.5.

#### Delay for PostgreSQL startup

Until now, [the `startDelay` parameter](instance_manager.md#startup-liveness-and-readiness-probes)

> was set to 30 seconds, and CloudNativePG was using this parameter as the initial
> delay for the Kubernetes liveness probe. Given that all the supported Kubernetes

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
was set to 30 seconds, and CloudNativePG used this parameter as the 
`initialDelaySeconds` for the Kubernetes liveness probe. Given that all the supported Kubernetes
```

releases provide [startup probes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/#define-startup-probes),
version 1.21 has adopted this approach as well (`startDelay` is now
automatically divided into periods of 10 seconds of duration  each).

!!! Important
    In order to add the `startupProbe`, each pod needs to be restarted.
    As a result, when you upgrade the operator, a one-time rolling
    update of the cluster will be executed even in the online update case.

Despite the recommendations to change and tune this value, almost all the cases
we have examined during support incidents or community issues show that this
value is left unchanged. Given that this parameter influences the startup of
a PostgreSQL instance, a low value of `startDelay` would cause Postgres
never to reach a consistent recovery state and be restarted indefinitely.

For this reason, `startDelay` has been [raised by default to 3600 seconds](https://github.com/cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg/commit/4f4cd96bc6f8e284a200705c11a2b41652d58146),
the equivalent of 1 hour.

> You can achieve similar behavior using the startup probe instead of
> liveness probes with an initial delay by explicitly setting:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
if you want to retain the old behavior using the new implementation, you can
do that by explicitly setting:
```

While reading this, I didn't realize we were talking about retaining the old behavior, and my mind started to wonder how to emulate the startup probe with the liveness probe :) But I don't know if it's just me.

```yaml
spec:
   ...
   startDelay: 30
```

!!! Important
    This change has been backported to all supported minor releases. As a
    result, it will also be available in versions 1.20.3 and 1.19.5.

> 

Reviewer 2: hierarchically, this is under the "Upgrading to 1.21" section.
This warning means that this is not accurate.
I think we probably want to make that one "Upgrading to 1.21, 1.20.3 or 1.19.5",
And then have a sub-section, or a box, for 1.21 only.

Reviewer 2: And. What happens if I upgrade from a previous release to 1.19.5? The warnings in this section apply, definitely. And upgrading from 1.19.5 to 1.21 should then be smooth sailing.

Author: This makes sense. Please check my new version. Thanks for pointing this out.

#### Delay for PostgreSQL switchover

Up to now, [the `switchoverDelay` parameter](instance_manager.md#shutdown-of-the-primary-during-a-switchover)
was set by default to 40000000 seconds (over 15 months) to simulate a very long
interval.

The [default value has been lowered to 3600 seconds](https://github.com/cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg/commit/9565f9f2ebab8bc648d9c361198479974664c322),
the equivalent of 1 hour.

If you want to retain the old behavior, you need to set explicitly:

```yaml
spec:
   ...
   switchoverDelay: 40000000
```

!!! Important
    This change has been backported to all supported minor releases. As a

>     result, it will also be available in versions 1.20.3 and 1.19.5.

Reviewer 2: same comment as before. Under "upgrading to 1.21"

Author: Ohh ... so we should reverse everything. Upgrade from 1.19.4 or before, 1.20.2 or before, or any previous version?

Reviewer 2: Not sure what the best approach is. Was thinking something like below.
What do you think?

```
### Upgrading to 1.21, 1.20.3, 1.19.5

New defaults are being set for various things in these three releases.
Justification about users leaving the old defaults on, despite our recommendations.
Explanation of the one-time rolling upgrade.

#### New functionality in 1.21 only

#### Upgrading to 1.21 from 1.19.5 or 1.20.3

#### stopDelay parameter

#### startDelay

#### 
```

Author: Agree. Check the new proposal please.

If you want to ensure replication slots are disabled, regardless of which
version of CloudNativePG you are running, we advise you to explicitly declare
it by setting:

```yaml
spec:
   ...
   replicationSlots:
     highAvailability:
       enabled: false
```

#### Delay for PostgreSQL shutdown

!!! Important
    This change has been backported to all supported minor releases. As a
    result, it will be available starting from versions 1.21.0, 1.20.3 and
    1.19.5.

Up to now, [the `stopDelay` parameter](instance_manager.md#shutdown-control)
was set to 30 seconds. Despite the recommendations to change and tune this
value, almost all the cases we have examined during support incidents or
community issues show that this value is left unchanged.

The [new default value is 1800 seconds](https://github.com/cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg/commit/9f7f18c5b9d9103423a53d180c0e2f2189e71c3c),
the equivalent of 30 minutes.

The new `smartShutdownTimeout` parameter has been introduced to define
the maximum time window within the `stopDelay` value reserved to complete
the `smart` shutdown procedure in PostgreSQL. During this time, the

> Postgres servers denies any new connection while waiting for all regular

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Postgres servers rejects any new connection while waiting for all regular
```
